what's going on guys if I don't some
text here I've got a bunch of
battlefield 4 related topics and updates
for you guys the first one is in regards
to the recent enormous amount of
battlefield 3 disconnecting issues
you've probably seen messages like
disconnected from EA online when you try
and join a battlefield server I know I
have it's almost impossible to play I
have to try and join a dozen different
service before I actually get into one
and then when I do after you know one
game or even before I finish the first
match I get disconnected and that's
really frustrating it turns out that
these disconnect issues are a result of
cyber attacks i'm assuming ddos attacks
on different game servers and the
battlefield the official twitter is said
that they're working on the solution
they're going to have updates via
Twitter and battlelog so keep an eye out
for that but right now in my opinion
battlefield 3 is almost unplayable which
is really unfortunate least on the pc
platform not really sure how people are
experiencing it on the consoles now
there's two new battlefield 4
screenshots that released I don't know
if you guys have seen as a thermal on
the screen just two more scenes that
were taken from the fishing in baku
trailer that they released quite a while
ago i'll believe in the description to
the full resolution images if you want
to see them as well as my breaking in
back who breakdown video where i go over
all the new iteration and different
clips that we saw in that original
trailer another big piece of information
in regards to gun licensing this is kind
of a big move that EA is going to be
moving towards is they're ditching the
gun license deals where typically a
first-person shooters they actually have
to pay licensing fees for certain
weapons because they obviously want to
have weapons that represent real life
weapons but those weapons and those
designs for those weapons are owned by
companies that actually manufacture
those weapons you know people like
Remington or cult and they have to pay
licensing fees and you know you've seen
games in the past for example call duty
modern warfare 3 they actually have the
branding on the weapons for example the
Remington ACR and the Remington MSR
which is Anna sorrowful and a sniper
rifle respectively in modern warfare
we actually have the branding Remington
engraved on the side of the gun but what
is actually going to be doing is just
not paying those license fees because
they're going to be trying to claim that
it's fair to use these weapon models and
these gun designs under fair use and it
technically is if you look at the
section of the copyright law that talks
about fair use the way that they're
using it doesn't hurt the market for the
weapons it's they're not using like and
they're not actually producing a gun
it's it's a 3d dimensional rending
rendering of a weapon so it's kind of a
gray area as far as it goes and it's
gonna be interesting to see if this
leads to legal action by different gun
companies or if EA has to have read go
back and start going back towards the
gun licensing but this what does this
actually mean for battlefield well it
could mean two things it could not
affect the game at all but my guess is
that it's actually going to allow for
the game to have more guns because in
the past I would imagine that developing
something like battlefield 3 they have
to pay a licensing fee for each gun that
they designed for a certain game and if
they don't have that licensing fee then
there's much less price overhead for
designing weapons they don't have to pay
you know a licensing fee every time they
want to add a new gun or every time they
want to add on the gun dlc or something
along those lines some that could mean
that we see more weapons in battlefield
4 that would be awesome definitely not
certain on that but anyway moving on to
the next piece of information dice
visceral and bioware have all been along
with EA which is obviously the publisher
of those three different studios have
partnered with Disney to work on the
next generation Star Wars games so we
don't know exactly what that means could
that mean that battlefield or
battlefront 3 is going to be finally
released there's actually an hour of
leaked footage from battlefront 3 which
was under development for quite a while
and they were almost finished with the
project but then they decided to scrap
it at the very end and i'll have like in
the description to that hour-long
footage which is actually really
interesting to kind of watch a game that
a lot of people wanted to play it was
just never released but as far as you
know dice makers of battlefield the
visual the makers of mass or of dead
space and bioware the makers of
effect also the makers of the Old
Republic the recent MMO game this could
you know be really really awesome we
could see some really awesome Star Wars
games coming up very very soon hopefully
EA doesn't have any you know negative
effect on these like we've seen in some
of their more recent games EA has been
considered the worst company in a couple
years in a row now and hopefully they
don't screw up such a franchise like
Star Wars as well as Disney hopefully
the next generation of Star Wars movies
are as awesome or at least close to as
awesome as originals moving on to the
next thing III III is coming up very
soon and dice has announced that they're
me showing off a new game there'd be
showing off a new East EA sports game
and a new Bioware game presumably the
Bioware game is a dragon age 3
presumably the a sports game to be fifa
14 and obviously the dice game is me
battlefield 4 and the last thing is in
regards to the wii u if you're a player
on the latest intendo platform that
unfortunately frostbite is not going to
be supported at least this next
generation of frostbite games you know
battlefield for the next generation Mass
Effect game dragon age game and
presumably the next gen of Star Wars
game which is presumably gonna be
running on frostbite as well and that
was something I was tweeted out by rep
you who's the technical director at dice
so anyway that wraps up the latest news
in regards to battle fueled and thanks
for watching hopefully you guys enjoyed
the video if you did feel free to give
me a like or a favorite share the video
with any other battlefield friends you
have and i'll see you guys in the next
video